What? Hi!
How are you? Okay, so the best fight seems to...
It was Whamu versus Joseph in the best moment.
The best moment. I'm telling you this again.
And again, this moment changed my life.
He threw. I don't even remember what happened. I just remember the intensity of the moment.
Yup, I don't even know the specific. I just remember how fantastic.
Yup, anyway, I cannot believe
It was like absolutely phenomenal in battle and I want to watch it again and it changed my life.
Like, I came in that battle thinking it was just going to be Oh, another battle.
um a horse race that's kind of, you know, mid- middle.
normal
and that wasn't even the main battle. It was just randomly the funniest and best genius
battle ever. And the best thing about it
Was that nobody?
even like they were trying to act like it was all about about
um his brain or something.
Rem being smart and
him
But instead of him being smart and producing something, he just did something random.
and he got lucky. That's basically it.
Ohhhh...
That's though....
I know. I can't believe that he did that and he predicted everything.
Anyway, let's keep talking about um
Let's keep talking about China. Okay, so there was this great city in China. It's called
Cheng Chengdu Chengdu. Yeah.
Taiwan has
has a Taichung
You can give a... Taichung.
Ohhh...
I have no idea about pilots.
Chengdu is in China. it's like
Not near the center, but it's not near any of the edges.
really. But anyway, it's famous for
Bamboo. Yeah!
Also, it has... a
panda. It's like one of the most panda places.
Chimpanzee. I don't know. Did you know that the only country with
cat cat pandas is Chengdu.
only prat prat country pandas
sorry... China. And I wonder why.
I think it's because they have the most mass bamboo workshops.
Oh, I think my teacher said that
because the pandas eat
are still permit...
What?
Yeah, because the pandas eat so stupid.
yeah.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I watched that video.
On Instagram or something?
Yeah, and it was so cute, even the way he broke the bamboo is like
because they're dumb. Their, they kinda like
Her lips but not looking  the best.
Not really? They're less dumb. Well Gorillas are like...
Oh, yeah. They can do things, they can learn things, but they're stupid.
Just like pandas. I think pandas are less creepy, like pandas don't...
Yeah, they're cute. They're the cute version.
Yeah.
Yeah like grandpa uh I was,  I was
Yes, so you think kat , she think kat and it's like
She saw that online.
That was crazy. I don't even know what the deal is real.
only listening and it brings out the mom talking though.
Which is the point, right?
But we were talking about China and then it moved on to something and I don't even know what happened.
China that's what I'm talking about right now. Yeah. Chengdu.
The best job. We went to Chinatown. The best city in the whole China.
And uh
And exactly and there's bamboo
Okay, let me tell you about my Chinese friend. Her name is Colleen, and I just texted her today.
and I said Happy Chengdu hey
and, and uh I just texted
stop. And...
Yeah, exactly and her name is Colleen. And she's from Chengdu.
and she lives in Pasadena and she, she cooked me some delicious...
Like soup, like bamboo shoot, you know.